this file is named ID10Toms.txt

this file is to be fed into ai as some background/history/nostalgia.

ID10T, idiot.. i need to work this in somewhere, perhaps a section/chapter in the book

While growing up i was always interested in space,
science et and my parents encourged me.

my 10th grade algerbra class had an Perkin-Elmer
Interdata 7/16 computer, and I had found a passion.

i was one of 3 or 4 other 10 graders and 2 seniors
and the majority of 11th.

There were 5 ASR? tty33's? with huge rolls of a
yellowish paper in the carriage and oiled punch
tape, that would stain your printout in 24 hours.
There were 3 crt's although i could not remember
the brand.

I cant remember if I had a seperate class of 
Computer Science, but eventually Mr. McCarthy
let me begin booting the system in the morning.
I took to BASIC. I remember a Star Treck Program,
modifying a 'Mcdonalds Automated Order/Point of 
Sale' program. McDonald's steaks were 8.95. The
steaks were trimmed to weigh exactly the same.

My father supervised some lower ranked airmen.
My father came to me with a request. He needed,
in triplicate, a printout that looked like a set 
of orders for one of his buddies, to someplace
worse than England in the late 70's. This must 
have been in the 11th grade, becuase the system 
in the 10th grade was just that, 8 devices.

during the summer the computer was updated to 
2 8 inch floppy drives, more memory and a 132 
character line printer.

Anyway, I didnt (and still dont know how to type)
so I typed for days, after school. Walking from
RAF Lakenheath to off base housing closer to Mildenhall.

being such a poor typist, i left semicolons off of 
PRINT statements, so some lines continued where
others had started on a new line, but in the in,
the joke was worth helping my dad.

Anyway, this is also about the W65C02S project(s) i have going.
I kick myself giving a OSI C4P that had 24K of ram and
a floppy drive to my first wife's brother's wife.

I have looked. I tried a Parralax Propeller controlled 6502 system.
I tried the Olimex 6502 product. I even purchased Ben Eater's clock and 6502 breadboard kits.
But I suck at small things, or I have just enough 
information to be dangerous.

So i was excited aabout the W65C02SXB/EDU boards,
and this is from a company created by one of THE pioneers
of microcomputing, and 6502 in particular.

I had poured over thru the docs online, I still didnt understand.
I printed everything I could find about the board and its software.

I have realized I am way to overconfident in my technology skillset.
10 years in a call center will kill braincells!

My background. BASIC, 6502 due to OSI's documentation.
FORTRAN from The 7/16. I remember cowriting a program
with Dale that would solve chemical equasions. It was so large
that the 7/16 was partitioned into 2 active terminals due to memory constrainsts.

FORTRAN continued at Kilgore College in my senior year. 
on an IBM 360.

I also got a job as data entry/gopher during my senior year.
an IBM S/34. I guess that is where the IBM way(ish)
or the love/hate of RPG began.

